Update get-windowsfeature.md (#1172)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/Microsoft.Windows.ServerManager.Migration/get-windowsfeature.md

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-WindowsFeature** cmdlet gets information about rrsandf_plural that are both available for installation and already installed on a computer that is running Windows Server 2012 R2 or an offline virtual hard disk (VHD) that is running Windows Server 2012 R2.

> [!Note]

> > Get-WindowsFeature is a Server-Manager cmdlets that are only available on servers and when the remote administration tools on a workstation is install, see [Windows Server: Installing roles and features in different ways](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/52780.windows-server-installing-roles-and-features-in-different-ways.aspx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Get-WindowsFeature is a Server-Manager cmdlet that is only available on servers, and only when the remote administration tools are installed on a workstation. See [Windows Server: Installing roles and features in different ways](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/52780.windows-server-installing-roles-and-features-in-different-ways.aspx) for more details.
```
